Update documentation for Quarkus distribution (#1385)
keycloak/keycloak-documentation: server_development/topics/auth-spi.adoc

This services/ file is used by {project_name} to scan the providers it has to load into the system.

ifeval::["{kc_dist}" == "quarkus"]

> To deploy this jar, just copy it to the `providers/` directory.

Reviewer: Shall we mention the `build` step?

> To deploy this jar, just copy it to the `providers/` directory.

Author: ```suggestion
To deploy this jar, copy it to the `providers/` directory, then run `bin/kc.[sh|bat] build`.
```

This services/ file is used by {project_name} to scan the providers it has to load into the system.

ifeval::["{kc_dist}" == "quarkus"]

> To deploy this jar, just copy it to the `providers/` directory.

Author: ```suggestion
To deploy this jar, copy it to the `providers/` directory, then run `bin/kc.[sh|bat] build`.
```
